(Blue Girl)
Akira's counting on me
to bring back an ignis
and I won't let him down,
and I won't let myself down
by not giving it my all.
Alright, Soulburner,
just because you two
are buds with Playmaker doesn't
mean I'll go easy on you.
(Soulburner)
Yeah, we never
expected you would
but thanks for the
warning anyway.
Blue Girl is looking
tough and I like it.
(Blue girl)
I rebuilt my deck from scratch
to plug up the
holes in my strategy
and now is the time
to put it to the test.
You ready to duel Soulburner?
(Flame)
According to
my dueling logs,
Blue Girl uses combos
to slowly whittle
her opponents life points
all the way down to zero.
I heard, so then
we'd better not let
her do that
to us, Flame.
(Flame)
Agreed.
We've gotta be sure
to set up our counter strategies
before she can
start her combo,
meaning we need to be the
ones to go first in this duel.
Blue Girl, how about
whoever goes underneath
that arch first gets to
go first in our duel,
we got a deal?
Yeah, deal.
I win.
So I get to go first.
(Flame)
Oh byte, that's the
last thing we wanted.
(Both)
It's time to speed duel.
Here I go, I'll
start by activating
my spell, Trickstar Vision.
It lets me summon
Trickstar Lilybell.
(Aqua)
In addition, both players
draw one card
but Lilybell's attack
point are cut in half
and she loses her
special abilities.
(Blue girl)
You know, I never realized
you were such a downer.
You get to draw as well.
Okay.
Next, I can summon
Trickstar Lycoris
by returning a Trickstar
on my field to my hand.
Come on back,
Trickstar Lilybell.
But she won't be gone for long.
Her special ability
automatically resummons
her to the field.
And I'll now use her
to build my circus.
I set Trickstar Lilybell and
Lycoris in the Link Arrow,
I link summon link-2
Trickstar Divaridis.
When I summon Divaridis,
her special ability deals
you 200 points of damage.
I know 200 wasn't much
but trust that it'll
sting a mighty ton
when I get the
damage snowballing.
I activate my field spell,
Trickstar Live Stage,
to return a Trickstar in
my graveyard to my hand,
like my Trickstar Lycoris,
and Trickstar Live Stage
has another effect.
When I have a Trickstar
Link monster on my field,
I'm allowed to summon
a Trickstar Token next
to her Link Arrow,
and I'm tributing this token
to summon a brand new Trickstar.
Trickstar Birdhelm,
and whenever I'm able
to successfully summon her,
her special ability deals
you 200 points of damage.
Plus I get
to draw a card.
Unfortunately, my
Birdhelm can't attack
when she uses this ability.
(Flame)
How is it unfortunate
when you're not allowed
to attack on the
first turn anyway?
Hello, because I
was kidding but here's
what's not unfortunate.
I can resummon Lycoris again
by returning
Birdhelm to my hand.
This is great, she's
comboing her combos
just like I was afraid of.
Now I activate
Birdhelm's special ability.
She transforms
into an equip card
and I equip her onto
Trickstar Divaridis.
It's your turn,
show me what you got.
Be careful what you
wish for, Blue Gal.
Why?
You're not in control of this
duel and you never will be,
not even when it's
your turn, Soulburner.
You're not in control of this
duel and you never will be,
not even when it's
your turn, Soulburner.
Whenever you add a
card to your hand,
Lycoris deals you
200 points of damage.
I'm taking all
this damage just
because I couldn't
go first.
(Flame)
Perhaps Soulburner
should've invested
in afterburners
for his duel board.
See, just as you did
your research on me,
I studied up on you.
Such as, your
skill Burning Draw,
which lets you draw
cards by lowering
your life points to a hundred.
But if I draw a card,
your Lycoris will
deal me 200 damage.
Yep, that's correct.
(Flame)
So if we use our skill,
we will immediately lose.
That is a clever way
to limit our options.
But there's still
plenty that we can do.
By sending Salamangreat
Falco to the graveyard,
I can summon Salamangreat Meer.
Yeah, but maybe
you shouldn't have
because you triggered
Divaridis' ability.
Each time you summon a monster,
she dishes out 200
points of damage.
(Soulburner)
Each hit hurts barely
more than a papercut
but she keeps
slicing and slicing.
I gotta destroy her
Trickstar Divaridis
before the damage stacks
up and get outta control.
I activate Salamangreat
Falco's special ability.
I can now revive my Falco
by returning a Salamangreat
on my field straight
back to my hand.
So my Meer burrows back to make
way to make way for the sky.
That one move of
yours triggered two
of my monster's
special abilities.
Lycoris and Divaridis
deal you 200 damage each.
Well check this
next move out,
if I add my Salamangreat
Meer to my hand
without having
to draw it,
I'm allowed
to resummon it.
You sure talked
a whole lot
but all I heard
was 200 damage.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, next I
summon Salamangreat Wolvie.
And by summoning that,
my Divaridis deals
you damage again.
(Blue girl)
There's only one reason
to do that.
To link summon.
(Flame)
Go Soulburner.
Yeah, I blaze the
circuit that scorches
the path to the future.
The summoning conditions require
at least two
fire-effect monsters.
So I set all three in
of my Salamangreats
in the Link Arrows.
I link summon Link-3
Salamangreat Heatleo.
Big cat but your kitty
just dragged 200 more points
of damage right into
your living room.
But now that I have
Heatleo, I can--
Stop right there!
I know you went through
all that trouble
so you could use
Heatleo's ability but no.
You knew?
Yep.
Your Heatleo can usually destroy
my spell or trap card, right?
But when Divaridis is
equipped with Birdhelm
that ability gets shut down.
(Flame)
She truly has prepared
for all our tactics.
Yeah, but guess who
did their homework too.
Heatleo, pounce and destroy
her Trickstar Divaridis.
Every deck has their strengths
but they also have
their weaknesses
and I found yours.
While your deck
has great combos,
it doesn't have monsters
with a lot of attack points.
So I can run you over
with sheer power.
You're right.
Well, you would've
been a few weeks ago,
but you see I've been fixing
the holes in my
game, Soulburner.
By sending Trickstar
Calobane to the graveyard,
Trickstar Divaridis'
attack points double
until the end of the turn.
That's crazy.
Yeah, crazy awesome.
She jumps to 3600 attack points
which is more than plenty
to destroy Heatleo.
Okay, well that didn't
work out too good.
At least my Heatleo
is still alive.
How?
Since I used
my Salamangreat
Wolvie to summon it,
its special ability protects
Heatleo from being destroyed
and now I end my turn.
We're behind the eight ball
but at least we're still alive
and as long as we're alive,
we still have a chance.
(Flame)
Hm, Soulburner?
What's up there buddy?
(Flame)
You only took one turn
and you're already down
over 3000 life points.
I know.
(Flame)
So, I just wanted
to let you know
that I find that impressive
in its own unique way.
Weirdest pep talk I've ever
been a part of but whatever.
(Flame)
No, you're
missing the point.
What I'm saying is
that if we can recover
from such a drastic downfall
and win it would be an even
more impressive feat.
Well yeah but are you
like, actually worried
that we're going to lose?
Why, of course not,
because you have
me to help you.
How could
I ever forget?
It's my turn.
I draw.
I activate Trickstar
Live Stage's effect.
(Aqua)
When the opponent
has a face down spell or
trap card on their field,
you are allowed to summon a
Trickstar Token in defense mode.
And since my
Divaridis is equipped
with Trickstar Birdhelm,
she can deal you 200 points
of damage every time
I summon a Trickstar.
(Flame)
So not only can she
deal damage when we summon.
She can now deal damage
when she summons.
She has elevated her
game, so we're running out
of weaknesses to exploit.
You're right, Flame,
but all we need to find is
just one flaw to break through.
(Flame)
Find a way.
Maybe Gate of fire
will mess up her combo.
I no longer take damage
outside of battle
if it's less than 300 points.
(Flame)
Ah, all her damage
is 200 each.
Uh huh, so Blue Girl
won't be pinging me anymore.
Really, is that so?
But what if I used my
newest skill, Soulburner?
Trickstar Gig.
For every Trickstar
that's in play
I send a card from the top
of my deck to the graveyard.
So that means I'm gonna
be sending three cards.
Yeah, I know this
sounds bad for me
but its not because I get
to retrieve one Trickstar
from my graveyard in exchange
and this card here is
the perfect one for me.
But there's a catch,
in order for me to play it
I have to link summon first.
So I'll build the circuit that
turns dreams into reality.
The summoning conditions
are two Trickstars.
Link summon, link-2
Trickstar Holly Angel.
Then my field spell Trickstar
Live Stage activates
to summon a Trickstar token
next to my link monster.
Now I have what I need
to play my perfect card.
I activate my spell,
Trickstar Fusion,
it lets me fuse
my Trickstar token
and Trickstar Holly
Angel together into one.
Hey, Soulburner, when
you see my new Trickstar
you'll be changing your tune.
I fusion summon.
Rock on, Trickstar
Band Sweet Guitar.
She can play fusion monsters?
(Flame)
It would seem so.
It's another new
wrinkle to her game
and another new headache for us.
Since I summoned another
monster, Trickstar Divaridis'
special ability activates
to deal you damage.
Yeah, but that
damage is only 200
and my Gate of Fire
will block anything
that's less than 300.
Yeah, but Sweet
Guitar's special ability
can double the damage
that my Divaridis deals.
Oh no.
The last time I checked no
matter how you do the math,
400 is still greater than 300.
Then my Sweet Guitar
gains attack points equal
to the damage I just dealt
raising her from 2200 to 2600.
Next, by banishing Trickstar
Fusion from my graveyard,
I'm then allowed to retrieve
a different Trickstar
and then add it to my
hand but I'm not allowed
to summon that
monster this turn,
but I think Trickstar
Calobane would rather hang
with me than sleep in the grave.
It's time to bring
this duel to an end.
Here goes.
Sweet Guitar, attack and
destroy Salamangreat Heatleo.
Power cord.
I don't think so,
because by discarding
Salamangreat Raccoon
from my hand,
I gain life points
that are equal
to your monsters attack points
but that's only the start,
you also can't
activate any spells,
traps or special abilities
during this battle, Blue Girl,
and my Heatleo cannot
be destroyed this turn.
What?
I mean why would
you wanna destroy
a monster this
cool, anyway?
That be hate.
At least you still take
damage from my attack.
My Trickstar Divaridis
also attacks your Heatleo
and like last turn, I can
discard Trickstar Calobane
from my hand to double
Divaridis' attack points
and do big time damage.
But one thing you didn't do
was bring this duel to an end.
You got me there, Soulburner.
But lose now or lose later,
in the end you're
still going to lose.
Okay, I'm ending my turn,
and by doing so, Sweet
Guitar's attack points
drop back down to 2200 but
her special ability lets
me get one Trickstar
back from my graveyard.
Well Flame, we're surviving
but we're not thriving.
(Flame)
Quite true,
but having one life point
is better than zero
and two life points
are better than one
and three, well
that's triple of one.
So that's three
times better and--
Your point?
(Flame)
As long as
it's not zero,
there's always hope.
Right in here.
Yeah, there is that one card.
(Flame)
Yes, and all you need to do
is draw it.
Then that's what I'll do,
and I didn't get it.
Well it looks like luck
just isn't on my side today.
(Flame)
Oh, I do so
disagree Soulburner.
Luck is always
by your side.
But I didn't draw
the right card.
(Flame)
Of course you didn't,
I never expected
you to succeed.
The odds of drawing
the one exact card,
the one exact time, is
infinitesimal at best.
And your point?
(Flame)
When I said
luck is by your side
I was talking about me,
because before we met
you didn't have the ability
to use a certain skill.
A skill that only requires
your courage to use it.
Well now, if you're trying
to courage shame me,
you succeeded.
What's he doing?
I use my skill.
(Flame)
Bring the
heat, Soulburner.
By lowering my life
points to a hundred,
I then get to draw a card for
every thousand life points
that I sacrifice.
I'll set the world aflame.
Burning draw.
(Flame)
Well done, Soulburner.
Thank you, Flame.
I activate the spell
card, Fusion of fire.
I can fuse monsters on the field
or in my hand into a new
Salamangreat monster.
If you wanna
summon a new monster,
go right ahead,
Soulburner.
The moment you do, Divaridis
and Sweet Guitar's abilities
will deal you damage
and end this duel.
Oh, I wouldn't be so sure.
I'm going to use my
Salamangreat Heatleo
and one other link
monster to fusion summon.
One other one?
Even if I was
blindfolded in the dark
I could see that you don't
have another link monster
on your field.
You're right about that,
but with fusion of fire
it doesn't have to
be my link monster.
I'm allowed to use
your link monster
to fusion summon too, like
your Trickstar Divaridis.
No way.
When the flames
consume the old,
a new creature emerges
to reign supreme.
I fusion summon,
Salamangreat Violet Chimera.
I gotta admit, that's
certainly one surefire way
of dodging damage.
If not a scoosh overboard,
but hey, it worked.
When Violet Chimera is
successfully summoned,
it gains half the attack
points of the two monsters
I used to summon it.
So my Heatleo and your
Divaridis power it up.
Go, Violet Chimera!
Attack Sweet Guitar!
You won't deal me as much
damage as you think you will.
By sending Trickstar Calobane
from my hand to the graveyard,
my Trickstar Band Sweet Guitar's
attack points are doubled.
I so knew
you'd do that.
Oh yeah?
You said it yourself
that one flaw
in your deck is
that only contains
monsters with low attack points.
So you'd naturally
try to patch that up
by using Trickstar Calobane.
Yeah, that's right.
So?
So you shouldn't've done that.
You activated Violet
Chimera's additional ability.
When it battles a monster
who's attack points change,
Violet Chimera's
attack points double.
9700 attack points?
Now go, Violet Slash.
No way, she lost all her
life points in one attack.
Hey, Blue Girl,
I really thought
that you had me
there for a sec.
(Flame)
But what you
didn't have was
an excellent ignis
like me to aid you.
You know what they say,
team work is what makes
the team work.
(Flame)
On the nose,
but true.
Look, I know you won fair
and square and everything
but maybe we could still
help each other out.
My brother is trying
to find out all he can
about the ignis
to, you know,
stop bad things
from happening.
Pass, maybe next time.
Did you just
log Blue Girl out?
Figured she
could use the rest.
Looks like you're in
need of a siesta too.
Guess our duel's
for another day.
So if you can remind me where
the quickest exit
out of here is.
I'm going to go
check on Blue Girl.
(Flame)
Use this.
What's this thing?
(Flame)
It's the emergency
logout program
to leave this
world instantly.
Here.
Hey now, aren't you just
the sweetest thing, hon?
Well, until we meet
again Flame.
Stay you and stay cute.
(Flame)
No, you stay cute.
Where's the barf
bag when you need one?
(Ai)
Look over there.
It's the edge of this world.
Yes, and it's also where
Bohman is hiding out.